38 days have passed since i killed my
brother
waiting a long time for this
i'll be okay i followed the code dope's
tailing me my life's been all jekyll and
no hide
my brother would be so disappointed
welcome back morgan
thanks deborah can't sleep in an empty
house anymore
i guess that's what happens when your
fiance tries to slice you up
rita i'm not doing real good in here
okay will you help me
i found the [ __ ] shoe okay some guy
named little chino she wants you to find
little chino and kill him like a dog
paul's dead and i could have helped him
a mountain to climb i need this one
i don't normally experience failure two
treasure hunters made a ghastly
discovery today
when they stumbled on what appears to be
an underwater graveyard means there
might be a new mass murderer out there
way worse than the ice truck killer
we'll get you into a program we'll get
you the help you need
and i will be there for you harry was
right nothing stays buried
perhaps not even me we're a team
and our first play is iding those bodies
i'm dexter and
i'm not sure what i am my sponsor really
where
masuka found microscopic algae inside
the garbage bags with the bot
bay harbor butcher used him to weigh his
bags down or assuming he picked him up
where he docks his boat don't make me do
it curtis
this is my mother gail he's hiding
something
dead brush actually i'm gabriel
you're going to tell me or your deepest
darkest secrets
or the person is a person just like me
like you evil this woman sees me
she doesn't know it but she's looking
behind the mask and she's not turning
away
we have to catch them in the act at the
shipyard he's gonna find out
and then he's gonna kill me harry knew
my mother
maria this is my department i need to
know that you were fit for duty that's
my job as a lieutenant
three men arrested for those murders
yeah once deceased one stone life
without possibility open case
santos ximena's 1970.
did you have to soar in the little
pieces did you have to leave two little
boys soaking in a pool of their mother's
blood tell her
i don't care what you did i'm no longer
sure who made me what i am
funny thing is i've met someone who
doesn't care what about coral cove the
algae on the rocks sent us there if i
were you i would seriously consider
moving yourself
there's no blood traces on my boat i'm
going to order 24-hour surveillance on
this marina and the two others
your brother's a junkie are you high
he's never even smoked a cigarette
according to check-in imagine meet his
face if i told her that you and i had
spent the night together in a hotel
it's over dexter me how much 300 bricks
give or take
he crossed the line lieutenant he broke
into my lab he's probably gonna start
tailing me again followed him to an
a meeting that [ __ ] lied about that
too i respect him
you love him no it's like my dad
you're the one who said i'm supposed to
feel my feelings yeah well now i'm
telling you to get them under control
how could you do this to rita not to
mention her kids like rita broke up with
me
okay cause when you're around i kind of
feel like i can deal with anything
you know morgan
it's time to make dukes go away
sergeant jokes is an administrative
league pending internal affairs
investing
i was working on my piece didn't it just
caught the fire i was so scared
promise me that you won't believe me
that you said he might be one of us
butcher is one of our own i need to
embrace who i am i need to kill the man
who murdered my mother
[Music]
a secret cabin in the middle of the
everglades what more could a rededicated
serial killer ask for
[Music]
to get out of the house call the police
that someone was in this house
stay away from rita stay away from me
what do they have on me they found
something in your car
sorry it doesn't change the fact you've
slept with another woman
our primary suspect is someone you know
well
sergeant james doakes he had the slots
from here on out we'll want a protective
detail on you at all times
you know me maria that's not me don't
you disappear on me you see me bro
are you pissed or something about laila
and me lyle's just using you to get at
me he may be your ex-partner he may be
your best friend what he is to me is a
suspect
jesus christ you're the bae harbor
butcher
what's it gonna be boy kill me now set
me free
does this mean we're dating again what
really pisses me off
is you might be right i don't need
doakes dead i just need his fingerprints
to complete my frame job
every saturday
[Music]
jesus i want to know if there's anything
unusual about my father's death
he killed himself dexter tomorrow
they'll find a morbid little surprise
hate that harry walked in on what he
created
couldn't live with himself
a woman named lil attorney has filed
sexual assault charges against him why
could you just let me go
because i'm your real filmmaker mission
accomplished one more nail and docx's
coffin did they find dopes
no not yet but the search grid's closing
in
previous destination who's out there
anybody out there
you've arrived at your destination
it's stokes you [ __ ] hate the guy i
need to beat them to that cabin
his name is dexter morgan because i
found out that he's a [ __ ] bihar
butcher please just open this [ __ ]
gate
it's evident and i saw it happen
no wonder he is so shut down
the [ __ ] are you doing what the [ __ ] are
you doing
i think a propane tank exploded
this is where the butcher did his dirty
work it was a perfect location for a
killer
victim sergeant doakes
dental records confirmed it stove was on
it was in the official fire
investigators report this morning points
to james doakes as the bay harbor
butcher
if someone stole my gps it would have
led them straight to dunks
i'm just like you
even with dogs gone i'm starting to
think it's too dangerous for me here
i need to move on and disappear
what the [ __ ] i came to make sure lila
left town
i better be on my way then uh i
think that's my bag i must have left it
last time i was here
deborah i just got a call from dc a
pattern of bodies was identified in
oregon
you do me a favor and buy me a goddamn
ticket on your flight
i'm going home to pack where are the
kids i can't remember
hey i'm just i'm getting in a cab the
cody and astor are missing
did you call the police the dexter said
to call you
hi dexter hey dux hey guys you having
fun
go run find out
it's over now they're safe you're safe
so this is my new path which is a lot
like the old one
only mine
you